nuke qualifications. It depends on the requirements a CE faras qualifications.
But in terms off personality traits, um, work ethic is a big
one. Initiative is a big one. Um, attitude is a big one. So those
were probably be three huge factors in terms of looking for a team member.
Other things you can kind of develop and work to develop going
forward. But if they have a work effort, work ethic, that's like half
the battle because of you, a person works hard and they take the
initiative to do something. It's kind of, ah, what a lot of people
in the Navy say a fire. Forget I can ask a person to do something. And
before I'm finished with my question, there is already halfway done,
So work ethic is is huge for me.